# Intro-to-HTML-CSS
**Week 1**
HTML is a markup language used to create web pages. Hypertext defines the links between the web pages. It uses tags to structures the Web pages. Tag is used to indicate the title and the body. It has its elements, these elements can be nested within other the elements. The elememnts can also have attributes. HTML is used for developing fundamentals about web programming. Each opened tag should be closed at the end. 
**HTML has 6 headlines** from h1-h6. H1 is the largest that catchs the attention of the reader, then h6 is the least important and does grab much attention. To emphasize something we use Italics. To convey a warning or highlight we use Bold words.
**HTM Lists** are important elements, we have 3 types namely ordered,unordered and definition list. Unordered lists is just a list that the order doesnt matter, each element is enclosed in <li> then the list is wrapred with<ul> to show its unorderd list. Ordered list is whereby the ordered of the list matters, the closing of this list is <ol>. Definition list is used to define terms as the word says. We use a specific tags which are <dt>, <dd> and <dl> (used to wrap). 
**HTML Quotes** are used to format a text as a quote, block quote is used to format large chuncks of text as quote and are usuallly displayed with a different background. Inline quotes format small texts as quote and are displayed with quotation marks. 
**HTML date elements** are used to display date on a web page and we use format that is understood by computer. The value attribute specifies thew date to be displayed. The tag element is used to create a date picker and it can be used to customise the date picker. Time picker allows you to select the time of the day. Using datetime element allows you to combine both time and date ,starting with date and follows time. The datetime can be separated by leaving or T inbetween.
**HTML Code, pre and br** 
CSS is a sheet style language used to style the content of a web page. It can be used to change color, font and layout of an HTML document. I can say it beautifies the web and make it unique. CSS property is used to assign the HTML elements behaviour. CSS selectors are assigned to select HTML elements according to their element names. CSS functions are used to set various CSS property. 
Javascript is a lightweight and compiled interpreted programming language used to make web pages interact. It can be used as Client-side as well as Server-side development.
